PROBLEM 1

Part (a):
Which of the following are acceptable behaviors in solving homeworks/projects?

YES -- Looking up information relevant to the course online.
NO  -- Looking up or asking for sample solutions online.
NO  -- Copying code from my classmates, and then editing it significantly.
YES -- Asking the course staff for help.
NO  -- Sitting next to my classmate and coding together as a team or with significant conversation about our approach.
NO  -- Sharing my code with a classmate, if he/she just promises not to copy them, but to just read over it and learn from it.
NO  -- Copying graded test cases from my classmate and then editing them.
NO  -- Copying test cases from my classmates or Piazza when test cases are not graded.

Part (b):
Which of the following are recommended ways of writing code?

NO  -- gedit
YES -- emacs
YES -- Eclipse
YES -- sublime
YES -- Microsoft Visual Studio
NO  -- notepad

Part(c):
What is the late submission policy?

NO  -- Each assignment can be submitted late for 50% credit.
YES -- Each student has 3 late days of which only one can be used per HW.
NO  -- Students need to get approval before submitting an assignment late.
NO  -- There is no late policy.

Part(d):
After making a late submission by pushing your code to Gihub you should...

NO  -- Do nothing. Sit back and enjoy.
YES -- Complete the normal homework submission form.
NO  -- Email your instructor.
YES -- Start the next assignment sooner.

PROBLEM 2

Part (a):
Which of the following git user interfaces are accepted and supported in this course?

NO  -- Git Bash (Windows)
NO  -- GitHub Desktop Client
YES -- Terminal (Mac or Linux)
NO  -- Eclipse eGit
NO  -- Tower Git Client

Part (b):
Provide the appropriate git command to perform the following operations:

Stage an untracked file to be committed. The (hypothetical) file is called 'hw1q2b.cpp'.
git add hw1q2b.cpp

Display the details of the last three commits in the repository.

git log -n 3

Part (c)
Let's say you staged three files to be committed. Then, you ran the following command:

git commit

What will git do?

It will pull up the an editor and ask for a commit message for the changes. 

Part (e)
What is the full command to re-clone your private CSCI104 repo to your VM? Assume you are in an appropriate folder.

git clone git@github.com:usc-csci104-fall2018/hw-fala.git


PROBLEM 4
1)	Run: funcA([1,2,3,4,5], 5)
	Out: 1 2 3 4 5 <-- I think
		Recursively 